Don’t look back
To the things behind.
Keep your eyes straight ahead
On that finish line.
Now’s the time to be strong.
Keep building your faith.
Don’t let the world
slow you down.
Put off ev’ry weight.
So let’s
Run the race; run the race.
Run the race
for life.
Let’s run the race;
yes, run the race.
Keep your eye
on the prize.
Let’s run the race;
run the race.
You’ve got to keep on going—
Got to keep on moving.
Let’s run the race.
The prize we gain—
It’ll never fade away.
All the blessings in store—
Soon we’ll see the day.
So let’s
Run the race; run the race.
Run the race
for life.
Let’s run the race;
yes, run the race.
Keep your eye
on the prize.
Let’s run the race;
run the race.
You’ve got to keep on going—
Got to keep on moving.
Let’s run the race.
Run the race
for life.
This world would like
to have you turn around
And lose yourself in this life.
But don’t let your hands drop down.
So let’s
Run the race; run the race.
Run the race;
run the race.
So let’s
Run the race; run the race.
Run the race
for life.
Let’s run the race;
yes, run the race.
Keep your eye
on the prize.
Let’s run the race;
run the race.
You’ve got to keep on going—
Got to keep on moving.
Let’s run the race.
Run the race for life.
You’ve got to run the race, yes.
Come on, and run the race.
Run the race.
Let’s run the race.
Run the race for life!